This is version 1.5 of the GNU miscfiles distribution.

This distribution includes files not of crucial importance for system
administration or operation, but which have come to be common on
various systems over the years.

If you have any suggestions about files to add to this distribution,
or corrections to the files here, please send them to
bug-miscfiles@gnu.org.

The files in version 1.5 are:

abbrevs.talk, abbrevs.gen:
    Some common abbreviations used in electronic communication

airport
    List of three letter codes for some major airports

ascii
    A map of the ascii character set.

bcp-index.txt
    Best Current Practice indexes. Internet standardization documents.

birthtoken
    Traditional stone and flower for each month.

cities.dat
    geographic coordinates of many major cities

connectives
    English `connectives'; prepositions, pronouns, and the like.

countries
    country abbreviations and names and capital cities

currency
    currency abbreviations and names

fyi-index.txt
    For Your Information indexes. Internet standardization documents.

GNU-manifesto
  The GNU Manifesto

inter.phone
    International country telephone codes

languages
    two-letter codes for languages, from ISO 639-1.

latin1
    like `ascii'; describing the ISO Latin-1 character set

mailinglists
    Description of all the public Project GNU related mailing lists.

na.phone
    North American (+1) telephone area codes

na.postalcodes
    postal codes for US states and Canadian provinces

operator
    Precedence table for operators in the C language

propernames
    Some common proper names

rfc-index.txt
    Request for comments indexes. Internet standardization documents.

std-index.txt
    Standard indexes of internet standardization documents.

std-index.txt
    Indexes of internet standardization documents.

top-level.domains
    Top-level domains, based on IANA

unicode
  The official Unicode character set table

web2
  Webster's Second International English wordlist

web2a
  Webster's Second Internations appendix english wordlist


See the file INSTALL for installation instructions.

Please send all bug reports by electronic mail to:
    bug-miscfiles@gnu.org


Note: When possible, geographical names try to reflect the common modern
English names of the cities, not the local one. If a local spelling differs
from the English spelling only by using a different form of the same Latin
letter, the modified letter is used. This is according to R M Ritter, *The Oxford Guide
to Style*, Oxford University Press, 2002.
